README.md, before:

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ![Mit Projec1t](https://github.com/ezratweaver/MIT-6.0001-Introduction-To-Computer-Science-And-Programming-In-Python/assets/101545981/36c78775-2b63-4543-af6e-33858f4b0455)


  


#### &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;   **This personal repo consists of all the work required to complete the course**
 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;   &nbsp; [MIT 6.0001 OpenCourseWare Introduction To Computer Science And Programming In Python](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/6-0001-introduction-to-computer-science-and-programming-in-python-fall-2016/ "MIT 6.0001 OpenCourseWare Introduction To Computer Science And Programming In Python")
  
Information
===========

- All [problem sets](https://github.com/ezratweaver/MIT-6.0001-Introduction-To-Computer-Science-And-Programming-In-Python/tree/main/problem-sets "problem sets") assigned from the course.
  
  ![ps](https://github.com/ezratweaver/MIT-6.0001-Introduction-To-Computer-Science-And-Programming-In-Python/assets/101545981/319a7ea4-c28f-47e5-a3fc-e99e1e3130d1)

- All [finger exercises](https://github.com/ezratweaver/MIT-6.0001-Introduction-To-Computer-Science-And-Programming-In-Python/tree/main/finger-exercises "finger exercises") required by [Introduction to Computation and Programming Using Python, Third Edition](https://mitpress.mit.edu/9780262542364/introduction-to-computation-and-programming-using-python/ "Introduction to Computation and Programming Using Python, Third Edition")

  ![fe](https://github.com/ezratweaver/MIT-6.0001-Introduction-To-Computer-Science-And-Programming-In-Python/assets/101545981/ea055924-256d-409f-88f4-521eb183ef4a)

Commit message:

Add boilerplate for more details on problem sets

README.md, after:

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ![Mit Projec1t](https://github.com/ezratweaver/MIT-6.0001-Introduction-To-Computer-Science-And-Programming-In-Python/assets/101545981/36c78775-2b63-4543-af6e-33858f4b0455)


  


#### &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;   **This personal repo consists of all the work required to complete the course**
 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;   &nbsp; [MIT 6.0001 OpenCourseWare Introduction To Computer Science And Programming In Python](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/6-0001-introduction-to-computer-science-and-programming-in-python-fall-2016/ "MIT 6.0001 OpenCourseWare Introduction To Computer Science And Programming In Python")
  
Overview
===========

- All [problem sets](https://github.com/ezratweaver/MIT-6.0001-Introduction-To-Computer-Science-And-Programming-In-Python/tree/main/problem-sets "problem sets") assigned from the course.
  
  - [Problem Set 0]() (Development Environment and Configuration)
  - [Problem Set 1]() ()
  - [Problem Set 2]() ()
  - [Problem Set 3]() ()
  - [Problem Set 4]() ()
  - [Problem Set 5]() ()

- All [finger exercises](https://github.com/ezratweaver/MIT-6.0001-Introduction-To-Computer-Science-And-Programming-In-Python/tree/main/finger-exercises "finger exercises") required by [Introduction to Computation and Programming Using Python, Third Edition](https://mitpress.mit.edu/9780262542364/introduction-to-computation-and-programming-using-python/ "Introduction to Computation and Programming Using Python, Third Edition")

  ![fe](https://github.com/ezratweaver/MIT-6.0001-Introduction-To-Computer-Science-And-Programming-In-Python/assets/101545981/ea055924-256d-409f-88f4-521eb183ef4a)
  
  
Problem Sets
============= 

- **Problem Set 0 - Development Environment and Configuration**

  In this problem set, I set up the basics of my development <br>
  environment and wrote some simple scripts to ensure my enviroment <br>
  was properly configured. You can view the pdf of the assignment [here]().

- **Problem Set 1**

- **Problem Set 2**

- **Problem Set 3**

- **Problem Set 4**

- **Problem Set 5**
